[Music]
when years ago the war tore a hole in
the sky only a few survived our only
hope is in my hands put that hand on me
again you won't get it back
curse it be the ground for our sake
we're out of the ground we were taken
into the dust we shall return I told you
you weren't gonna get that back there's
a little town just the beginning all we
need is that book it's different than
the others we're not gonna be able to
make him do what you want him to do this
is your last chance give it up for us
we're out there you don't need trouble
that's too bad
nobody touches it with me you understand
me I love this guy shoot please
[Music]
with a crew together we're going after
what
[Music]
you